who are you I'm like the assistant
animal trainer when it comes to pets
people these freaky animals only one is
a dog
Eddie has one rule no dogs who is this
this is Beethoven don't worry we're
taking you to a nice new home but now
this dog is to start my movie the rules
are about to change raining the stars
the ones smelling his own vitamin come
on Beethoven is bringing home the bacon
that's my bacon bringing down the house
and bringing the family closer together
you really love that dog huh how does my
love you - Jonathan Silverman Rhea
Perlman
Cesar Millan the dog whisperer with
Moises arias and Eddie Griffith
featuring music from today's hottest
artists Universal Studios presents no no
no Beethoven's big break